So this was a module about asynchronous code and you learned all the theory about that, how Javascript
offloads certain tasks and how the event loop and how the message queue then is used to get that back
into the stack and executed there
and that's of course very important theory because that really is a core part of Javascript and explains how
your code executes and then you learned about callback functions which you use everywhere and how you
can optimize them a bit more by introducing promises, where you can write your own promises,
there also are certain APIs which uses promises from the ground up which we'll also see later in the course,
which can help you write more readable and more structured code, either with
then and catch blocks or with async await
and there are some differences or some things to be aware of,
most importantly that this does not magically change Javascript but just transforms some code and you
will also learn about promise race
all and all settled
which also can help you orchestrate your code in your promises
and this is something very important, this was a very important module.
Definitely make sure you understood it,
it's relatively late in the course because it's also advanced but it's a significant and important part
of Javascript and even if you skipped other modules, this is a core module which you absolutely have to
understand.